Let’s start in a forward fold at the top of our mats today. Shake things out a little and get used to this new heightened sensitivity…forget trying to be calm, allow each tiny self criticism or rejection you experience today to FULLY PENETRATE your chakras.
Find a rhythm in your breath...IN and OUT...that will reflect the extreme vacillations in your mood during your practice. 
On the inhale, fill yourself with hope and possibility: you can hook up with literally anyone now! (and you can stop wearing eyeliner to bed!!)
 
On the exhale, let your thoughts wander to the grim fact that you are graduating soon and have no job prospects…
 
Embrace the possibility of being able to work part-time at three different jobs Starbucks, Sephora, and Wal-Mart, all in an effort to pay back your ginormus student loans.
 
Clear from your mind the thought that the governor of your state makes more money in one hour than you will make in a year!!
 
Spread the flesh of each buttock to the side…sit tall…and slowly move through a memory of when you and your “EX” were in a blissful relationship –
 
At your own pace replay these memories a few times…
 
For an optional variation you can try a vinyasa while smelling that T-shirt he left at your apartment. Make sure to check your alignment: is this really you? You are smelling the dirty laundry of someone who does not love you anymore??
 
Let that absorb....as you sink into your sits bones for a moment…..
 
Now pick yourself up again, for what feels like the fourteen-billionth time, and step to the front of your mat. Stick out your tongue as far as you can and open your heart center to the possibility that everything that can go wrong, already has…
 
Begin to notice tensions where they arise.
 
Cycle through your social media platforms and take a moment to mentally un-follow each of your 2000+ so called “friends”. Allow the energy from an inversion to ignite a deep relief in un-tethering yourself from the masses.
 
We’ve arrived at the most challenging sequence of our practice today. Be sure to draw upon your inner strength and power – you are a proud Warrior Two!
 
Find comfort in the anticipation of googling the phrase “gaining peace through disconnecting” – … and when you’re ready, lie flat in our final posture, savasana corpse pose!
Namaste!
